---
layout: post
number: "001"
title: "DUKES (UK national energy balances)"
data-url: "https://alanturinginstitute.blob.core.windows.net/turing-tests/DUKES-v0-9.zip"
---
Official UK government statististics on annual energy consumption and
production. The challenge is to read and aggregate data from multiple Excel spreadsheets.

From the README:

This dataset is a subset of the data published 2016 edition of the Digest of UK
Energy Statistics (DUKES).

<https://www.gov.uk/government/collections/digest-of-uk-energy-statistics-dukes>

It contains the aggregate energy balance tables for the last three years from
Chapter 1, together with the 5-year commodity balance tables from each of
Chapters 2 through to 6. (This dataset excludes Chapter 7, which disaggregates
CHP energy flows.) The aggregate energy balance tables may in principle be
derived from the individual commodity tables.

Some commodity tables are laballed "commodity balance" and some are labelled
"supply and consumption". There does not appear to be a difference in format. In
the case of Chapter 2, for example, the coal commodity balance tables 2.1--2.3
appear to break out particular forms of coal, whereas the supply and consumption
table 2.4 aggregates these.

Units are million tonnes of oil equivalent (gross calorific values) for the
aggregate tables and commodity-specific units for the commodity balance
tables. Conversion data can be found in Annex A.

All files are Microsft Excel format. Some contain multiple worksheets.












